SOFTWARE - Amplify Painter - EULA

This Amplify Painter End User License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “EULA”) is a 
non-exclusive, legally binding end user license agreement between any individual or a single entity 
(“END-USER”) that acquires Amplify Painter (hereinafter referred to as “the Assets” ) from the 
Amplify Creations LDA Online Store, EU ID 509876617, Figueira da Foz Portugal. 

This EULA is therefore a non-exclusive, legally binding end user license agreement between Amplify 
Creations LDA (“Licensor”) and END-User.

By installing, copying, accessing, downloading or otherwise using the Assets, End User agrees to be 
bound the provisions of this EULA. All definitions of the Terms shall also apply in this EULA unless 
the context clearly provides for a different understanding.

The subject matter of this EULA is the licensing to END-USER of the Asset acquired by End User from 
the Amplify Creations LDA Online Store. The Assets are licensed, not sold.

END-USER'S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

END-USER may use the licensed Assets only for their intended purpose.

Licensor grants to the END-USER a non-exclusive, worldwide, and perpetual license to the Asset 
(specific to version 2.x) to integrate Assets only as incorporated and embedded components of 
electronic games and interactive media and distribute such electronic game and interactive media. 
END-USERS may modify Assets. END-USER may otherwise not reproduce, distribute, sub license, rent, 
lease or lend the Assets. It is emphasized that the END-USERS shall not be entitled to distribute or 
transfer in any way (including, without, limitation by way of sub-license) the Assets in any other 
way than as integrated components of electronic games and interactive media. Without limitation of 
the foregoing it is emphasized that END-USER shall not be entitled to share the costs related to 
purchasing an Asset and then let any third party that has contributed to such purchase use such 
Asset (forum pooling).

For the avoidance of doubt, the  Assets are licensed on a 1-Seat basis and may not be shared or 
used concurrently on more than one (1) computer.

All sales are final and there shall be no refunds except as required by law.

Some components of Assets (whether developed by Amplify Creations or third parties) may also be 
governed by applicable open source software licenses. In the event of a conflict between the 
applicable EULA and any such open source licenses, the open source software licenses shall prevail 
with respect to those components.

LICENSOR’S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS

Licensor shall render support services to END-USER only in the event a special agreement to this 
effect has been entered into (Premium, Subscription Based Support). Licensor, at its discretion, 
shall provide support for Asset breaking issues, standard but critical bugs and usage support.  

TERMINATION

Without prejudice to any other rights, Licensor may terminate this EULA if END-USER fails to comply 
with the terms and conditions of this EULA and the Terms.

END-USER may terminate END-USER’s license at any time.

In the event that Licensor at its discretion or as a result of a decision made by any competent 
court or authority makes a refund to END-USER of the fees paid for any Asset, then this EULA shall 
terminate for such Asset.

In the event of termination of this EULA, all license rights granted herein terminate and END-USER 
shall immediately destroy any and all copies of the Assets contained on any type of media under the 
control of END-USER and confirm such destruction in writing to LICENSOR.

DUPLICATION RIGHTS/BACK UP COPY

END-USER may not make copies of the Assets, except and only to the extent that such activity is 
expressly permitted under mandatory statutory applicable law. In addition Licensor acknowledges that 
copies of the Assets may be made when the Assets have been integrated as parts of electronic games 
and interactive media.

After installation of one copy of the Asset pursuant to this EULA, END USER may keep the original 
copy of the Asset solely for backup or archival purposes.

REVERSE ENGINEERING, DECOMPILATION, AND DISASSEMBLY

END USER may modify assets. END USER shall not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the 
Assets, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted under mandatory 
statutory applicable law.

TRADEMARKS

This EULA does not grant END-USER any rights in connection with any trademarks or service marks of 
Licensor.

UPGRADES AND SUPPORT

Assets identified as upgrades replace and/or supplement the licensed Assets.

Licensor may at its own discretion from time to time provide upgrades of the Assets to END USER 
without requesting further payment. Irrespective hereof END-USER is only entitled to licenses to 
upgrades if END-USER has entered into an Upgrade Agreement with Licensor (Custom Paid Development 
and Services). END-USER may use the upgraded Assets only in accordance with the terms of this EULA.

END-USER is only entitled to support if END-USER has entered into a Support Agreement with Licensor 
(Premium, Subscription Based Support). Licensor, at its discretion, shall provide support for Asset 
breaking issues, standard but critical bugs and usage support.  

COPYRIGHT

The Assets are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other 
intellectual property laws and treaties.

All title and intellectual property rights in and to the Assets (including but not limited to any 
software, images, photographs, animations, graphics, 3D graphics, video, audio, music, text, 
tutorials, and “applets” incorporated into the Assets), the accompanying printed materials, and any 
copies of the Assets are owned by Licensor. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by 
Licensor.

WARRANTY & LIABILITY

Amplify Creations the Author of this Asset disclaims any warranty for the Asset. The Asset and any 
related documentation or media is provided "as is" without any type of warranty, either express or 
implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a 
particular purpose, or non-infringement.

Under no circumstances, including negligence, will Amplify Creations and other parties involved in 
the creation, testing, marketing and distribution of the Asset or accompanying content, be liable to 
any other party for any direct, incidental or other type of unforeseen influence or action that may 
result in punitive consequential damages, including but not limited to, data loss, business 
interruption, loss of revenue, loss of use, software malfunction, hardware damage or inflicted 
business delays. Amplify Creations shall not be liable under any circumstances for any misuse of the 
Asset or accompanying content by the END-USER, 3rd party Copyright violation included but not 
limited to.

GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by the laws of Portugal pertaining to, but not limited 
to, software development and distribution of electronic goods, a member state of the European Union. 
In case of a dispute, only a court of that country shall have jurisdiction.

SEVERABILITY

If any term of this Agreement is declared unenforceable or void by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, such decision shall not affect the remaining terms stated.

WAIVER

Failure of either party to enforce the rights, reserved or stated in this document, or to take 
action against another party in the event of a breach, shall not be deemed a waiver of said rights.

GENERAL

Legally, this Agreement represents the entire agreement between Amplify Creations and END-User and 
supersedes any other prior communication or any implied understanding.

If you have any questions regarding this EULA, please contact us directly via email before using 
the PRODUCT at info@amplify.com.

Copyright (c) 2015 Amplify Creations, Lda. All rights reserved.